### Class 5 QA

**Q: What happened to the value from the second PUSH1? The one with [02]?**
**A:** It has been returned from the method.

**Q: Can I think RETURN as a pop action on a Stack data structure?**
**A:** Yes.

**Q: Is init code the same for all contracts?**
**A:** No, the init code has smart contract deployment logic and the smart contract's bytecode.

**Q: When a tx is sent, how can we map a function selector to byte codes so let EVM knows which op code it should execute?**
**A:** The function selectors are in the bytecode so the EVM knows where to find them.

**Q: Looks like when entering a slot location not multiple of 32 in the MSTORE opcode say 12 it pads to the right the value of the remaining 20 bytes?**
**A:** You are correct. When using MSTORE with an offset that is not a multiple of 32, Solidity pads the value to the left, not the right, to fill a full 32-byte word. The most significant bytes of the value are placed at the specified offset, and the preceding bytes in the 32-byte word are set to zero. MSTORE8 only affects one byte, and therefore doesn't involve any padding.

**Q: What is the benefit of adding Yul code blocks in one's smart contract? Does it improve gas at all? Is it for forcing some Solidity compiler errors to go away?**
**A:** Because Solidity is a high level language, in some cases you may require more fine grained logic. It can help with gas optimisation as well, however do ensure that the logic is correct if using for this purpose.

**Q: Is it good practice to mix both Solidity and assembly code? Security wise?**
**A:** Assembly and Solidity can be mixed, however only use assembly if you need more fine-grained logic or for gas optimisation and ensure the logic is correct to lower the risk of vulnerabilities.

**Q: Any specific reason why people don't write a whole contract in Yul and prefer a mix of both Solidity and Yul? Won't using just Yul be beneficial?**
**A:** Using Yul can reduce gas costs significantly if used correctly, but it comes with increased complexity and risk.

**Q: Is that switch statements with selectors better for function dispatching, or is it better to let the Solidity compiler do the job? I guess I want to know in which situations it does not compromise security or anything but optimizes gas.**
**A:** This is very specific for the project. We are going to have a lesson and a great exercise on gas optimisation.
